these three skills make life way easier
the ability to climb stuff easily true
story one time this older lady locked
herself out of a house and asked if I
could help I climbed her fence crawled
through her back window and was allowed
to let her in but I couldn't stay for
cookies though because I was allergic
climbing made that possible so it's
totally worth getting good at next the
ability to Sprint at the drop of a hat
and be completely unaffected afterwards
don't test me I'm ready for anything and
lastly the ability to hold your body
weight in your shoulders because there
just really isn't a disadvantage to
being strong stay flexy